Ingredients
For the dough
250 g of wheat flour
15 g baking powder
50 g of pumpkin
250 ml of water
50 g of butter
2 eggs
200 ml of oil
Paper towel

For the honey
1 cup of golden berries (uvillas)
½ cup of water
100 g of white sugar

Procedure

The dough is the most laborious part, so it is important to have time to prepare it. First it is necessary to cook the squash in a cup of water, until it softens.
Once it has cooked, remove it, from the water and mash it.
Then you must place the flour with the baking powder in the form of a volcano on a surface. In the center of the volcano you have to put eggs, butter and pumpkin puree.
Mix the ingredients with your hands, adding the flour little by little towards the center of the volcano. While the ingredients are mixed, with the hands, the flour of the volcano is added little by little. Continue kneading until all the ingredients are incorporated.
In case the dough continues to stick to the surface, little by little, more flour is added until a compact but smooth dough is obtained.
When the dough has taken consistency it is wrapped in plastic wrap and left to rest for 20 minutes at room temperature.
Of the honey of uvilla
LavaMeanwhile you have to prepare the uvilla juice for honey. To do this, the uvillas must be washed to eliminate roughness and. Then liquefy them with half a cup of water. and let the juice be reserved.
The dough is resumed and divided into balls of approximately 16g each. In this step put to heat the oil.
Stretch the balls with a roll and with a knife cut a line in the center and several cuts around the edges so that it takes its shape.
It takes them to fry until they take a golden tone on both sides. Remove and let stand on absorbent paper.
Meanwhile you have to prepare a candy for honey. To do this, place the sugar in a large-based pan or pan and stretch the sugar all over the base.
The sugar is cooked at medium temperature. When the sugar starts to melt you have to move the pot, to rock it without putting in a spoon.
When everything has melted, the uvilla juice is added. The thermal shock will turn sugar into caramel. You have to let it melt again with the uvilla juice, keeping the pot at medium temperature.
Leave the pot in the heat until the composition has reduced and becomes a little thick. (Honey tends to thicken more cold, so it is not necessary to wait for its texture in the heat).
Serve the pristiños with the honey in a separate jug so that each one serves as much honey as you want.
